Everything the Lu family has ever given you
You can't take it away
Get out of the house
Jiangnan
How do you
What are you hiding from?
Xia Yan is right
We got divorced.
There should be no more allure to let me go
Remember to swear clearly what Xia Yan said
What I said
You can't remember a word, can you?
Did I ever tell you?
Don't leave here.
What do you want?
What are you doing in Yujiangting?
Maybe I'll just lock you in here
You will be obedient
Lin Zhao
Without my permission
No one is allowed to let him out
Izzy, do I look good in this wedding dress?
It looks good, you didn't look carefully.
Do you really want to marry me?
What are you talking about?
Ah, go home after eating
Gangnam, Chi and I are getting married in a few days
If you still want face, get away
Stop pestering my fiancé
Lu Jingchi, it turns out that you are about to take down the forbidden door
Then what's the point of keeping me here?
Jiangnan
Before you completely lose your memory
Star fruit is leaving Lujin City
Mr. Lu, it's already midnight
Should rest
I'm going to take your business, are you done?
It's all arranged
But is Mr. Lu really going to take such a risk?
I've endured it for so many years
But this time the evidence in our hands
Really not enough
Little dumb
Still waiting for me to come home